---
layout: post
title:  "Wedding"
date:   2025-02-03 00:00:00 -0800
---

This weekend I got to witness a beautiful moment, two of my very good, close, best friends got married to each other. I've attended a handful of weddings before, but this one felt particularly special. Even though the wedding isn't about me, I feel like it marked a new period in my life, and it was one of the best days of my life.

Additionally, I had the extreme honor of being the Man of Honor to the bride. I'm still not entirely sure why I was chosen out of all of her friends, and I may never know fully, but I think that is part of the point, something that can not be fully conveyed to someone else, just like the love between the newly wedded couple. I had a short personal talk with her as I drove her to the wedding venue expressing how happy I am for the two of them, and she has given me multiple letters expressing her gratitude for agreeing to take on this role. Along with it came some responsibility, but nothing that I wouldn't have done for them, although giving the speech was a bit difficult for me. Overall, I will look back on this day, all the events leading up to it, and all the little moments with joy and I'm sure they will as well.

However, this weekend did spark some contemplation as well. At this point, I have been friends with the bride for a little over 8 years, and we have a very close friend group from that same time that still hangs out fairly regularly. I think it was actually with the bride's mom that I was talking about how it is a bit difficult to move away from all of your close friends to a new city. I only moved 3 hours away, so I still can travel and hang out with them regularly, but there are more obstacles. This has made it a bit more difficult to stay close to them, but I am glad to still be very close to these friends and I hope to stay this way for a long time. On the other hand, I love my job and where I am in my life, so I don't want to move back yet. But I'm still in my 20s and I'm wondering if I'm making a tradeoff that I should not be right now. Either way, I am blessed with a great group of close friends, and a job that I enjoy and does me well.
